h2. wet_link Textpattern plugin

@<txp:wet_link>@ creates links. It works as a replacement for txp:permlink, and it can also be used to create direct links to articles, pages, images, article lists, and external web sites.

Some examples:

bq. @<txp:wet_link>foo</txp:wet_link>@
In an article form, works the same as txp:permlink

bq. @<txp:wet_link title="permanent link to '%s'">foo</txp:wet_link>@
Same as txp:permlink, except with a title attribute.  The optional '%s' will be replaced with the article title.

bq. @<txp:wet_link href="25">foo</txp:wet_link>@
Direct link to article #25. If a 'title' attribute is supplied, it works the same as for a permanent link, with '%s' replaced with the article title.

bq. @<txp:wet_link href="foo/"&gt;foo&lt;/txp:wet_link&gt;@
Creates a link relative to the textpattern root.

bq. @<txp:wet_link linkid="15">foo</txp:wet_link>@
Direct link to link #15.  If no 'title' attribute is supplied, the link description field is used.

bq. @<txp:wet_link image="15">foo</txp:wet_link>@
Direct link to image #15.  If no 'title' attribute is supplied, the image caption field is used.

As of version 0.3, it is possible to use wet_link as a self-closing tag in certain circumstances:

bq. @<txp:wet_link href="25" />@
Direct link to article #25.  The article title will be used as the link text.

bq. @<txp:wet_link linkid="15" />@
Direct link to link #15.  The link name field will be used as the link text.

As of version 0.4, it is possible to use wet_link as a link to article lists:

bq. @<txp:wet_link section="about">About Us</txp:wet_link>@
Link to the section named "about". Differing from @<txp:section />@, this tag will include the enclosed text as a link.

bq. @<txp:wet_link category="apples">Apples galore</txp:wet_link>@
Link to the category named "apples".

bq. @<txp:wet_link author="eve">All articles by Eve</txp:wet_link>@
Link to a list of Eve's articles.

All of the above forms support the following attributes:

|_. attribute |_. description |
|*href*|the URL or article ID, as described above.|
|*linkid*|the link ID, as described above.|
|*section*|a section's name to link to.|
|*category*|a category's name to link to.|
|*author*|an author's name to link to.|
|*image*|an image's id to link to.|
|*class*|CSS class name.  Optional.|
|*target*|link target.  Optional.|
|*title*|link title.  Optional.  '%s' may be used in links to article and link IDs, to include the article title or link description.|
|*rel*|link attribute "rel".  Optional.|
|*id*|link atribute "id".  Optional.|
|*name*|link attribute "name".  Optional.|
|*accesskey*|link attribute "accesskey".  Optional.|
|*no_widow*| Suppress widows in titles. Optional.|


Either *href*, *image*, *linkid* or *section*, *author*, and *category* are mutually exclusive.

Largely based upon "zem_link":https://web.archive.org/web/20130126092940/http://thresholdstate.com/software/3702/zem_link. Thanks, Alex!
